Through is not part of core, so
you'll have to install it with NPM,
see if the NPM install through2.
Another nice trick to use with NPM,
is if you do dash capital S or
dash dash save, then that's going to,
if you have ever package JSON,
it will put all of these things that you
install into the package JSON for you.
Which is really nice,
if you are starting a project.
Okay, so the other thing that I wanted to
show and then I think we can break, so
that people can play around
with these a little bit,
is to show you what this looks like
with the newer core interface.
So, with core,
you require stream dot transform and
you can pass in an object that
has a transform function.
There's also a finish function,
which corresponds
to what should happen when
the stream is done with, so
I can copy loud dot js
to core loud dot js and
we can use the core module
now instead of through2.
So required.
So through2 becomes required
stream that transform.
And then our two upper function now
has to instantiate the transform
stream with new and pass in an object,
that has transform in it.
Another way of doing this would be
to instead of requiring stream,
to require the package
readable stream from NPM.
And I think that's a little
bit better most of the time,
because of the versioning that you get,
that I mentioned, but for now,
we'll just do it this way.
So now if I run this program,
core loud and I will,
provided some input, yeah,
so it works just the same.
So I'm gonna add these to the git repo,
and take a little bit of a break,
so people can poke around with these,
modify them, try to write them out.
Okay.